# Stop_Believing
This repository will solely have updates on my progress in learning to code. There won't necessarily be any code in this repo.

SEP 11 17:
Yesterday (it's actually the 12th at the time I'm writing this) I began pulling things together to get my nose to the grindstone, I've had the tools, to some extent the time, but no motivation. I started to read the first of a few books I obtained from humble bundle a month or two ago, though I never got far. The book in question is 'Python Crash Course: A Hands-On, Project-Based Introduction to Programming' by Eric Matthes. I have had more time recently and decided to give it a go with a full week off from work. I figured what's the worst that could happen amiright? Yesterday, I ran out to Best Buy and picked up the beefiest horse-poweriest tablet I could find, because I must have the technologies. It's an Insignia 10" from 2016. After loading the epub files on there I sat down with the book again and made it through roughly the first 50 pages albeit afk, so I had to go back to actually practice the exercises. In addition to that, my car needed to be jumped...twice...gotta love running family to appointments.



SEP 12 17:
Today I uninstalled python and reinstalled it to see if it had any effect on the build/exe issues I was running into when starting out prior. To some degree this remedied the headaches, but the book isn't geared toward windows 10, and having gone through express installation I had some hiccups finding the executable location. I also pulled up a list of keyboard shortcuts to study and speed things up (eventually). Now I can run a command prompt without a mouse, who would've thunk? After tracking things down I reached out to my brother for help, as I am quite novice, in regards to bouncing questions off of him, I'm still waiting on his Slack invite. I signed up for CodesDope, GitHub and a few other things. I also customized my tablet experience to some degree. Now that I've started to develop a network, I'm headed back to the book, I finished the setup section and am moving on to variables, and replacing the text in hello world with a variable to insert the text, then I'll change the information stored mid program. Then I'll learn about title upper and lower functions. Woohoo. Union break and back to it. I finished chapter 2, in which I learned about methods (as opposed to functions lol), variables, numbers, etc. After a discussion with a couple friends I decided to hold off for the evening for some further insight into the path I'm taking.

SEP 13 17:
Many thanks to my friends Bryan and John for recommending free code camp and js, and seconding those recommendations in that order. This morning I joined my brother's slack page to help with communication. The tasks before me include further understanding github, setting up slack on my desktop and starting up from scratch, though I've started up so many times now that I have a good grasp on a few fundamentals.
